docs: add consumer response codes to broker spec (#19)
knative/specs: specs/eventing/broker.md

Broker. If the reply event was not accepted, the initial event SHOULD be
redelivered to the subscriber.

> Subscribers SHOULD acknowledge delivery of an event with an HTTP 2xx response code.

Reviewer: I think if you reword this we can turn this into a MUST. “In the event of a successful delivery, the subscriber MUST respond with an HTTP 2xx response code”

Author: I kept this as `SHOULD` based on @n3wscott's previous comment - assuming these are recommendations. 

>We have not been this strict on the exact response code, accepting 2xx means ACK, but we could have a MAY section that says here is what a 204 and a 200 could mean.

I can see how this intro sentence could be `MUST` in that successful delivery necessitates a 2xx code.

Reviewer: Yup - I think having a discussion around which 2xx to return when is ok, but I think we need to mandate (MUST) that a successful delivery see some kind of  2xx. Otherwise, with a "SHOULD" someone could be spec compliant but return 500 for everything.

Author: OK, I see your point.If this is changed to `MUST`
```suggestion
Subscribers MUST acknowledge successful delivery of an event with an HTTP 2xx response code.
```
Then all of the remaining 2xx can remain `MAY`. You are correct, these response code requirements are on the sink, not the broker, so really any additional contextual meaning is ignored by Knative. I just made the assumption that the broker will accept and route any CloudEvent in a response from a sink and route it with any `2xx`. That's based on [this](https://github.com/knative/specs/blame/main/specs/eventing/broker.md#L138-L140).

> Events contained in delivery responses SHOULD be published to the Broker ingress and processed as if the event had been produced to the Broker's addressable endpoint.

Should I include some text that makes it clear these response codes are recommendations for event receivers, but that currently there are no requirements on the broker to act in any special way based on these `2xx` response codes. Any successful response will do?

> Subscribers MAY respond to event delivery with one of the following responses

Reviewer: Upon successful delivery, subscribers MUST respond with one….

Author: Here is where I think Scott really took issue - that the specific codes are recommendations and not requirements.

Reviewer: Some variable of "MUST respond with one of...." doesn't mandate which 2xx, just makes it clear it must be a 2xx.

to provide additional contextual meaning.

>     * 200: Acknowlegement of receipt with an event in the response.

Reviewer: Does this mean that if they respond with a 200 but an empty body it’s an error?

Author: Not if we leave it at `MAY`. :smile:

Reviewer: I really want to split this discussion into two.... 1) which 2xx is right when, and 2) what the response in each case MAY look like.  But I fear we might not be able to IF we're going to mandate something like "200 MUST include a non-empty body".  So, let me ask this... are we trying to mandate such things? And am I correct that this requirement is on the Sink (meaning the user's ksvc) and not on a Knative component ( like a broker) ?

Broker. If the reply event was not accepted, the initial event SHOULD be
redelivered to the subscriber.

> Subscribers SHOULD respond to event delivery with one of the following HTTP

Reviewer 2: We have not been this strict on the exact response code, accepting `2xx` means ACK, but we could have a MAY section that says here is what a `204` and a `200` could mean.

Author: Hi @n3wscott - thanks for the feedback. I have made some adjustments to the text of the PR. PTAL when you can.
